doc: Add maintenance mode improvements (#523)
harvester/docs: docs/host/host.md

For admin users, you can click **Enable Maintenance Mode** to evict all VMs from a node automatically. It will leverage the `VM live migration` feature to migrate all VMs to other nodes automatically. Note that at least two active nodes are required to use this feature.

> If you want to individually force a shutdown of a VM instead of migrating it to another node, add the label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-force-shutdown-strategy` and one of these values to those VMs:

Reviewer: This label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-force-shutdown-strategy`, is binding `forces shutdown` and `later restart option` into one label,

Could it be renamed as `harvesterhci.io/node-maintenance-mode-strategy`, and the following options:

`RestartOnEnable` -> `ShutdownAndRestartAfterEnable`

`RestartOnDisable` -> `ShutdownAndRestartOnDisable`

`StayOff` -> `Shutdown`

New option: `LiveMigrate`

And, the `LiveMigrate` is the default value, as long as user set/not set this label on the VM, unless one of the other three options is explicitly hit.

Author: I've added the suggestions to a HEP for this feature. See https://github.com/harvester/harvester/pull/5984

> - `RestartOnEnable`: Restart the VM after the node has finally switched into maintenance mode. The VM will be scheduled on a different node.

Reviewer: The `RestartOnEnable` says it will work: `after the node has finally switched into maintenance mode`,

What's the difference of this mode `RestartOnEnable` and the `live-migration`? Give use a chance to execute some scripts?

Author: > What's the difference of this mode `RestartOnEnable` and the `live-migration`? Give use a chance to execute some scripts?

Yes, that's the idea. 

The general idea with the options was to offer the user as many options as possible so that he can do what suits his scenario.

For admin users, you can click **Enable Maintenance Mode** to evict all VMs from a node automatically. It will leverage the `VM live migration` feature to migrate all VMs to other nodes automatically. Note that at least two active nodes are required to use this feature.

> If you want to individually force a shutdown of a VM instead of migrating it to another node, add the label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` and one of these values to those VMs:
> 
> - `Migrate`: The VM will be live-migrated to another node in the cluster. This is the default behavior if the label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` is not set.
> - `ShutdownAndRestartAfterEnable`: Restart the VM after the node has finally switched into maintenance mode. The VM will be scheduled on a different node.
> - `ShutdownAndRestartAfterDisable`: Shut down when maintenance mode is enabled and restart the VM after maintenance mode is disabled. The VM will stay on the same node.
> - `Shutdown`: Shut down when maintenance mode is enabled. Do NOT restart the VM, it remains switched off.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to force individual VMs to shut down instead of migrating to other nodes, add the label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` and one of the following values to those VMs:

- `Migrate`: Live-migrates the VM to another node in the cluster. This is the default behavior if the label `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` is not set.
- `ShutdownAndRestartAfterEnable`: Restarts the VM after the node switches to maintenance mode. The VM is scheduled on a different node.
- `ShutdownAndRestartAfterDisable`: Shuts down the VM when maintenance mode is enabled, and restarts the VM when maintenance mode is disabled. The VM stays on the same node.
- `Shutdown`: Shuts down the VM when maintenance mode is enabled. The VM must remain powered off so do **not** restart it.
```

Author: # Old
- `Shutdown`: Shut down when maintenance mode is enabled. Do NOT restart the VM, it remains switched off.

# Siggested
- `Shutdown`: Shuts down the VM when maintenance mode is enabled. The VM must remain powered off so do **not** restart it.

what i meant here should be understood as a hint that the VM remains switched off and not as an instruction that the user may not restart the VM.

Reviewer 2: Got it. Here is the reworded description: 

`Shutdown`: Shuts down the VM when maintenance mode is enabled. The VM remains powered off instead of restarting.

> A collective forced shutdown off all VMs on a node can be activated in the **Enable Maintenance Mode** dialog. This will disable individual settings via the `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` label.
> 
> If you are looking to execute a special command before shutting down the VM, then you should look at the [container lifecycle hook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks) `PreStop`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can force a collective shutdown of all VMs on a node on the **Enable Maintenance Mode** screen. This disables individual settings using the `harvesterhci.io/maintain-mode-strategy` label.

If you want to execute a special command before shutting down a VM, consider using the [container lifecycle hook](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks) `PreStop`.
```
